Create rule S6265: Add JS as covered language (APPSEC-39) (#1084)
SonarSource/rspec: rules/S6265/javascript/description.adoc

Predefined permissions, also known as https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AmazonS3/latest/userguide/acl-overview.html#canned-acl[canned ACLs], are an easy way to grant large privileges to predefined groups or users.

The following canned ACLs are security-sensitive:

> * `PUBLIC_READ`, `PUBLIC_READ_WRITE` grant respectively "read" and "read and write" privileges to everyone in the world (`AllUsers` group).

Reviewer: This change can also be applied to the other languages
```suggestion
* `PUBLIC_READ`, `PUBLIC_READ_WRITE` grant respectively "read" and "read and write" privileges to anyone, either authenticated or anonymous (`AllUsers` group).
```
